{
"kardio":[
    {
    "Vježba_za":"Vježba za : Cijelo tijelo",
    
    "Broj_ponavljanja": "Broj ponavljanja : Round Robin",
    
    "Sprava_korištenje":"OPIS : Maintaining sufficient muscle strength and cardiorespiratory fitness can help elderly people continue to function independently and perform daily activities. These results indicate training on Power Plate is a good intervention to improve cardiorespiratory fitness (VO2 peak and timeto- peak exercise), which in turn can help to improve quality of life for the elderly. Significantly, the participants in the Power Plate group did not perceive the training sessions as a hard or strenuous workout, in contrast to the FIT group. As the duration of the Power Plate training sessions (maximum of 40 minutes) was also much shorter than the FIT sessions (maximum of 90 minutes), it is a more time-effective way to achieve similar results.
    Exercising on Power Plate can be a safe, efficient and a non-exhausting alternative to a traditional fitness training program, enhancing muscle strength and cardiorespiratory fitness in older individuals
    As we stated , alternate intervals submaksilanog , reduce or umernenog load .
    Inetervali submaksilnog opeterćenja can be compared to eg . A sprint , just as the Power Plate device is used as a stepper , and on it we do various kinds of STEP or dinamičnjih exercises .
    These intervals lasting 30 to 45 seconds and at a load of 30Hz for beginners to 40 Hz to ( High amplitude ) for more experienced practitioners .
    This type of load is intended to speed up the heart rate and the important considerations is part of interval training .
    Inetervali moderate or low loads are usually static , or exercise with a very small radius of movement . These intervals lasting 45 seconds and at a load of 30Hz for beginners to 40 Hz to ( High amplitude ) for more experienced practitioners .
    Interval lower intensity is a certain kind of active rest during which the body prepares for heavier interval and lowered pulse .",
    
    "Težina": "Težina : 5",
    "Paziti na":"Paziti na : Pravilno držanje - leđa ravno, kontrola pulsa",
    "Tip":"Tip : Brza radnja",
    "Puls":"Puls : 60% - 80%"
        
           
        }
    ]
}
